Access token lifetime config (#581)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: security/firely-auth/firely-auth-settings.rst

- ``AllowOnlineAccess``: true / false - Whether app can request refresh tokens while the user is offline, see `SMART on FHIR refresh tokens`_. A user is offline if he is logged out of Firely Auth, either manually or by expiration
- ``AllowFirelySpecialScopes``: true / false - Allow app to request scopes for Firely Server specific operations. Currently just 'http://server.fire.ly/auth/scope/erase-operation'
- ``RequireClientSecret``: true / false - A :term:`public client` cannot hold a secret, and then this can be set to ``false``. Then the ``ClientSecrets`` section is ignored. See also the note below.

> - ``AccessTokenLifetime``: How long should an :term:`access token` be valid for a client? The value is specified as HH:mm:ss. A single integer is interpreted as days. NOTE: To account for clock skew, Firely Server adds a 5 minute grace period to the token lifetime by default when validating JWTs, but not reference tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``AccessTokenLifetime``: How long should an :term:`access token` be valid for a client? The value is specified as HH:mm:ss and must be greater 00:00:00. A single integer is interpreted as days. NOTE: To account for clock skew, Firely Server adds a 5 minute grace period to the token lifetime by default when validating JWTs. Reference tokens are evaluated without taking any clock skew into account. 
```
